Bride, it's your turn to play
Miss you, you came back to participate
Right, ladies and gentlemen?
Now we have the beautiful bride Zhao Ting
Dad?
Are you looking at me?
I'm not afraid to die.
Because I'm going to see you soon.
Tingting
Mom is proud of you
You are the strongest daughter
I believe you will be happy.
Tingting, no matter what difficulties you encounter
We will always support you.
Auntie will always be by your side
You're a brave girl.
I see.
You will always be strong
Come on.
Tianding
Rice grain today is my daughter's big day
What are you doing here?
The security guard kicked the troublesome daughter out
I'm not here to make trouble.
I came to apologize
Tingting, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
It's all my aunt's fault for being so vain
Until your dad left
I just realized how good he is
I can't do anything for you either.
I heard you got married this year.
My Future
Bless you.
Can you forgive Auntie?
Auntie has passed
Thank you for coming to my wedding
Dad?
I think you will come
Right?